Deploy CA before worker pools are ready (#7774)
gardener/gardener: docs/extensions/worker.md

Gardener deploys this autoscaler if there is at least one worker pool that specifies `max>min`.
In order to know how it needs to configure it, the provider-specific `Worker` extension controller must expose which `MachineDeployment`s it has created and how the `min`/`max` numbers should look like.

> Consequently, your controller should write this information into the `Worker` resource's `.status.machineDeployments` field. It should also update the `.status.machineDeploymentsLastUpdateTime` field along with `.status.machineDeployments`, so that gardener is able to deploy cluster-autoscaler right after the Worker status is updated with the latest machine deployments and does not wait for the Worker reconciliation to be completed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consequently, your controller should write this information into the `Worker` resource's `.status.machineDeployments` field. It should also update the `.status.machineDeploymentsLastUpdateTime` field along with `.status.machineDeployments`, so that gardener is able to deploy Cluster-Autoscaler right after the status is updated with the latest `MachineDeployment`s and does not wait for the reconciliation to be completed:
```

  - name: shoot--foo--bar-cpu-worker-z2
    minimum: 1
    maximum: 2

>   machineDeploymentsLastUpdateTime: <pointer to a metav1.Time value>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  machineDeploymentsLastUpdateTime: "2023-05-01T12:44:27Z"
```

Just a dummy value. There is no "pointer to a metav1.Time value" in yaml.
